Closed captions can be
added to your videos
to provide additional
or interpretive
information to individuals
who wish to access it.
Captions are necessary so
the deaf and hard of hearing
can access the audio portion
of video presentations.
In this video, we'll see how
to automatically generate
captions for your videos.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Video Cloud Studio provides
a caption generation feature
to automatically generate
captions for newly
uploaded or existing videos.
Please reach out to
your account manager
to have this feature enabled.
Let's look at the
ways to generate
captions for your videos.
I'm going to start
in the upload module.
When a dynamic delivery or a
context aware ingest profile
has been selected, an
auto captioning option
will be displayed.
Enable it to generate captions.
Select the language to generate
the captions in, or select auto
detect to generate captions
in the language spoken
in the video.
If a language is not
selected, the video language
is auto detected.
Selecting a language
will improve
the caption file
generation time,
and may improve
overall accuracy.
The label is displayed
inside the player,
and allows the viewer
to select a language.
If no label is supplied, the
language code is displayed.
When finished, click Done.
Now, as videos are uploaded,
captions will automatically
be generated.
You can also generate captions
using the Media module.
The first option is to
select one or more videos,
and then click
More, Auto Caption.
You can also go into
the video properties,
locate the text track
section, and click Edit.
Notice there's an
auto caption option.
I'm going to select it.
I'll select the language,
and enter a label.
Remember, the label is
displayed inside the player,
and allows the viewer to
select the caption language.
When I'm done, I'll click Add
Text Track, and then Save.
The caption generation
process will begin.
A message will appear when the
auto captioning is complete.
Refresh the page to
see the text tracks.
In all of these cases, after
the caption files are generated,
they are automatically
configured
as part of the video's
text tracks properties.
Captions will appear immediately
during video playback.
If you would like to review the
captions before they appear,
you have two options.
First, you can
deactivate the video.
Videos that are
deactivated will not play.
Review the captions, and
when they are approved,
activate the video.
You can also set the
caption status to draft.
To do this, scroll to
the top of the page,
and click on the CC button
to open the caption editor.
Notice right now the
status is published,
which means these captions
will be displayed.
Click Save Draft to save
the captions as a draft.
Notice now this status is draft.
Review and edit the
captions, and then
click Publish Text Track
to publish the captions.
One last note.
Third party partners can
also be used to generate
captions for videos.
For more information, see
marketplace.brightcove.com.